[Music]
is
better
hello welcome back to another video i
hope you haven't done a bluetooth day so
far you girl is finally back like
finally
with a white in a day video it's been a
while hasn't it
filmed one of these and they're not only
one of my favorite videos to film but i
know you guys
quite enjoy these ones too i feel like i
may as well fill you in
with a few of the things in this video
too i can't speak
i'm a bit rusty as well like i don't
even know why i have been filming but i
guess i haven't filmed any sort of like
sit down it's been mainly like more like
vloggy stuff
or that recent jlo workout that i did so
that's probably why i feel a little bit
rusty
yeah just made myself a coffee i thought
well today i could just
take you along throughout my day and
sort of explain what i've been doing
in terms of my nutrition all of that
kind of stuff basically
probably since just before christmas i
haven't really been tracking obviously i
have tracked
as you guys know for quite a long time
anyway so i do have like a rough idea
and i do tend to stick to some of this
like some similar meals such as my
trusty
protein notes like most mornings
although i did go for about a month
without having that
like around christmas time and stuff i
just mixed things up and wasn't tracking
whatsoever it was
probably the past two weeks i've gone
back to some of my like more usual meals
and
i feel much better for that like for
some reason they just really
respond well with my body i have not
quite
not even two minutes in and already
talking about maybe stuff that's a bit
tmi
won't even go there but yeah so today's
plan i
am going to get a workout in gonna make
some breakfast and
i've just got my coffee here this
morning i'll have shown you
my like journaling and bit of meditation
stuff
if you would like to see an updated
morning routine should we say
do let me know in the comments if that
would be something interesting
but if that'll be something you're
interested in just as i have like
switched a few things up
and like for a few weeks i wasn't really
sticking to any routine and i really
felt that like mentally
and in every kind of way you know so i
definitely think like
keeping and maintaining a routine is so
helpful at the moment so anyway let's
get in
to breakfast i'll show you what i'm
making so i want to start my day with a
coffee
and a vitamin c and zinc vitamin drink i
prefer to just you can have these
obviously like
either with a spray or as a tablet i
prefer to have it in
some water it just helps with my water
intake as well
[Music]
so yeah i just have these two together
i feel so fresh and so clean i've just
washed my hair
really quickly dried it had a really
good back session and i've just thrown
some
like normal clothes on trying to like
get into more of a habit of actually
getting dressed like rather than just
living in active work 24 7. also went on
a quick
run there's like this little kind of
like a lake type thing
really close to this place so i just
went
around there i did like three and a half
k just a short run
mainly for my mind like more than
anything i just want to keep pushing
myself
i i really couldn't be bothered to go on
a run after i'd done my back session but
i just thought no
come on olivia like i try to push myself
and make sure every day i'm doing
something
to like challenge my mind really in a
way so yes
that was quite good and then and now i'm
gonna make some breakfast i did
train fasted today generally i'll train
fasted
most mornings other than leg days where
i'll usually train a bit later on in the
day especially if i'm filming it
i will just make sure i've had like a
few meals just that i've got a lot more
energy especially if i'm going
heavier that kind of thing yeah other
than that i generally prefer
to train fasted in a morning that's just
been my preference for a while i know
everyone's quite different
other than if i ever wake up and i'm
absolutely starving i'll just make some
breakfast but
yeah now i'm going to make some protein
pancakes
90 of the time always have protein oats
and the other 10 is protein pancakes
like i just they're like
some of my favorite meals ever i'll show
you what i'm using for this i don't have
a blender
which i would normally use i'm just
going to make like chunky
sort of protein pancakes and i'll show
you what i'm going to use for this so
for today's recipe this is what we're
going to be using obviously this is like
dubai supermarket so you may not
recognize that some of these brands
as i don't really i'm using my phd
vanilla cream
whey diet whey protein i'll make sure
i'll leave that link down below as well
as my
discount code which gets you 35 off but
absolutely love this flavor and it goes
with
so much so i'm using that some almond
milk this is just some organic
sugar-free
one it's way more like watery than my
usual like a pro one that i got but i
thought i'd give it a try
and then just some instant oats here
some baking powder
i'm gonna use one whole egg and an egg
white a bit of salt
and some olive oil for the pan and then
one whole super ripe
banana like i was not joking when i said
all right right this is
gonna start like walking up here soon so
yeah that's all you need and then
i've got this like unnecessarily oh
unnecessarily big mixing bowl which is
like a salad bowl i think this is
literally like
you get a van of my head that's all we
have in here so
yeah just going to start with this and
i'm going to separate my egg whites from
these first
[Music]
i'm just going to beat this egg white
this just makes them really fluffy i
find
do this for about two minutes
and then i'm just gonna add one of the
egg yolks
in there as well as a whole
banana and then just mash this up some
people get really grossed out don't they
by like super ripe banana i really don't
mind it
if you've got a blender that would be
way better
a little bit of salt in there then
about escape the protein
and then depending on like what protein
powder you are using
will just kind of dictate you say the
consistency
a quarter of a teaspoon
baking powder and then i've just got
this little mini pan i'm gonna pop a
little bit of olive oil
and then just wait for that to heat up i
always cook my pancakes on a lower heat
like when it gets
hot
[Music]
and then i'm just gonna turn this down
to a low heat
[Music]
and then i just flip mine over when they
start getting those little
whole things
and for some toppings i'm going to
microwave some blueberries
put them in for a minute
[Music]
then i've got some pomegranate seeds as
well
sprinkle some nooks on as well this is
just like a nut mix
[Music]
here is my oats
berry protein pancakes something a bit
different and
kind of like savoury at the same time
but yeah the banana makes
such a nice difference i'm putting all
of my nuts and toppings and the
blueberries
on top i've just saved these little ones
for
mason because i know he'll want to try
some as well and yeah you get quite a
lot
for that mixture
[Music]
match later
a few moments later
but just been doing some work on my
laptop for the past few hours and those
pancakes have actually filled me up for
such a while which either changed and i
just wanted to fill you in i can't
remember mentioned
earlier on it was super early when i
picked up the camera that basically i
just wanted to mention something
obviously i haven't been
tracking for a good while now i just
haven't felt the need to i think i i do
like repeat a lot of my favorite meals
like my protein notes so
i definitely have an idea of like what
i'm eating anyway but i've just
had a bit of a break for a few months
now like from tracking and stuff
which i think is always good to take
every now and then i'll definitely go
back to at some point i've been the main
since for a while other than
around christmas time i was definitely
not in a surplus your girl was eating
everything inside i had a lovely time
like with just
with food and stuff and i definitely put
on some muscle and
some extra like bits of bit of fat i've
been
a lot more active like over the past few
months i'll do my hands
like i'm like a news reporter yeah over
the past few months i
have been working out obviously working
out i've been
intensifying my sessions and just
putting more into it i think as we had
so many gym closures last year
ever since then like i cannot even tell
you like i'm just so grateful
for every workout now otherwise i
definitely took it for granted at some
points like earlier
last year as i'm sure we all are in the
same boat in that sense
yeah so that's been that and then i have
been working on some stuff i think i
mentioned a few times
for like way over six months now so that
is like my main priority and it's
something
for you guys which i'm really excited
about that i mentioned
on a story the other day and i had quite
a lot of replies
from him basically i got into a habit a
few weeks ago and i'm sure we all have
like
especially in sort of like lockdown
and things like that i went to this
weird habit of like starting the day i'd
like open my phone up go on socials
catch up on whatever i felt like i've
missed or like just
ended up on my phone scrolling away and
then you end up the most random things
don't you i just kind of got into a bit
of a slump in the morning like
i was putting my workouts like to later
in the day and then just feeling super
sluggish
and obviously i quickly realized i'm not
maintaining any sort of
morning routine i like pulled myself
together and i was like oh my god olivia
we're not starting the day like that i
make sure i've got like my to-do list
planned out
i do my morning like affirmations and
gratitude work
and some meditation which doesn't
actually that sounds like a lot but
it only takes me like 15 20 minutes to
do
all of those things and then i'll get my
workout in or whatever and i have my
coffee
now i have much better days and i'm so
much like i feel much more
myself and like i've got a purpose and
stuff when i just start my day properly
so
if you can relate to that then
definitely make sure you've got some
kind of
morning routine that you actually enjoy
that's helped me
so so much and just have some stability
so yeah i just thought i'd share that in
case someone could relate or maybe
need that reminder right now because it
is so easy to slip into that
something else is what i like doing is
putting my music on first thing like
just getting my energy
up higher in my vibrations i put on
some whitney houston the other day and
just start having a little boogie around
my kitchen
yeah i'd recommend doing that with
clothes on though because i've
definitely got some neighbors that have
seen me
not bollock but naked over the last few
weeks anyway i'm gonna make some lunch
now i think i'm gonna make like
some chicken wrap i've got some chicken
that is gonna go off in a few days and i
want to show you these wrap things
that are really cool over here that we
need in the uk
so these are like the best discovery
i've found over here it's like protein
bread but it's kind of like a wrap
really good macros so like per 146
calories and 15 grams of protein
but yeah if you are ever in dubai make
sure you pick these up like i'm just
going to try
bring some of these home to be honest
hello again i'm going to let meal down
so i'm going to make this like chicken
wrap type thing
for lunch i'm going to use some curry
powder i've just got some veg
and this random beetroot that i'm going
to boil i actually love
boiled beetroot just like on its own and
an onion and some garlic and stuff super
simple
easy and quick i'm going to cook two
chicken breasts one
mason can have as well yeah
now you're in a relationship when you
literally put like
a life-size garlic clove
[Music]
feels
bench so it's like a curried chicken
i quite like it kind of like crispy as
well i just put some spinach in there as
well but it tastes
so nice i've got about a big chicken
breast in there and then
one of those wraps some beetroot and
some chopped like mini cucumber this is
so quick it's really quick and easy
and you can go chicken things like this
it's quite easy to work
out just like their macros and stuff
because it's obviously just like the one
wrap about
chicken breast and some beetroot and
cucumber and stuff so you don't always
need
to have scales and stuff like in order
to track or have an idea
to like log into my fitness pal say i've
got some honey mustard
sauce here so i might just dip that into
there as well
hello okay we are just coming into
the marina and we're just swapping this
car over we've had this one for
a month which has gone so quick like we
only actually got it for about well
we're initially gonna have like a week
then we realized like how much we
use the car anyway see we're just gonna
get something else i think i've got some
makeup
probably all over my nose right now yeah
i don't think mason's actually said
hello anymore
on here sun is in my eyes you're really
sorry i've gone super quick i'm quite
tired from
work out this morning it's all for now
that's all
hello what did you think those pancakes
were made earlier
pancakes were beautiful nice yeah i
liked how they were
like blended up yeah it's just they have
a bit
of a bit different they weren't as light
and compact yeah yeah nice and chewy
chewy
and i think it's like salmon
and we're just catching
so yeah i just went for the salmon some
nice toast
avocado and a bit of salad
[Music]
um
so this is what i'm having for my dinner
i've just got some avocado
some carrots and they cooked really
quick actually and
some breaded chicken this just reminds
me of a childhood day and i've just got
a bit of salad and then one of those
wrap things do you need to get some rice
in um
that's why i've just got like not got
much in yeah really tasty
and then i just used some 50 less
sugar and salt tomato ketchup and i made
some for mason as well
and coke zero much prefer coke zero two
diet coke you can tell i'm in a rush to
eat this because i'm rushing through
this
i'm so hungry looking at this
anyway guys that brings us to the end of
this video i nearly forgot to finish
this one
um i hope you enjoyed this video and
found it useful
and i'll make sure i've popped like the
rough macros on the screen just so you
have an idea as i know you find that
quite useful
but yeah and let me know if you want to
see some more what i eat in a day videos
at the moment um
featuring this lovely plant and this is
so random but i really like this plant i
went in my own house
i'm so strange sometimes um but yeah
anyway i'll see you in the next
video